temple Hill Cork City the home ground of
cork Constitution and venue for the
Ulster Bank club rugby international
between Ireland and Scotland players
from nine different Ulster Bank League
clubs given the opportunity to represent
their country but it wasn't only there
are Celtic cousins that the Irish side
had to overcome there was no sign of a
let up in the inclement weather which
saw several parts of the city flooded
English referee Nick Coburn passed the
pitch playable after three different
inspections amid torrential rain the
inclement weather didn't discourage some
hearty rugby fans who braved the
elements to cheer on Ireland's best club
players the hosts had revenge on their
minds against the Scots who beat them 30
points to 18 last March
both sides were finding it difficult to
hold on to the greasy ball leisure
yurevich picked Scotland's only score of
the match a penalty 8 minutes before the
interval but Ireland were in the driving
seat by halftime and went in leading 18
points to Train touchdowns from Jerry
Hurley and Declan Lavery ensured the dál
Riata cup the trophy an offer for the
winners of this annual clash stayed in
Ireland as Tom Tierney submerged 28
points to 3 winners
it was very very important for his
developer formers after losing last year
to Scotland and by a big amount it's a
huge huge honour for me to put on the
jersey at 15
huge huge honour to score a try for
Ireland which means everything from a
great to have family down watching is
great to have everyone's family down
here and it's a just a great team to
play with considering the conditions I
thought the team played quite well we
took our chances very well we didn't get
many of them movie took the ones we got
and overall quite clinical but not the
kind of way that we'd prefer to play and
I think it's a great credit ood to the
lights and we've only come together very
very quickly in a short space of time
and you know it's just supposed to show
the quality and player that's out there
and you know very very happy and against
the Scotland team to put you know 34 35
points of us last year and to keep into
three points obviate the the weather
conditions were the way they were but
you know very very happy that we scored
twenty it just goes to show the quality